hey there guys I am back here to talk
about the madden 13 sliders update and
let's get into it so I update my sliders
and connected careers here are the
updated sliders are going to be using in
week six and so you could take a look at
those I'm going really fast so you're
going to want to pause the screen but it
doesn't matter here's why EA announced
an operation sports that they know that
there's an issue with the sliders in
connected careers yes that is right they
are broken there's been people they've
even said that they've had a couple of
sliders all the way jacked up and they
still haven't gotten any cpu offense so
there is an issue with the sliders
hopefully they'll fix it with the patch
so I wanted to let you guys know that
just a quick video let you guys know
that the sliders are broken they are
going to be working on it for a patch
and they are going to be working on the
AI there's a bit of an issue with the
play-calling apparently this computer
controlled teams that play calling is
just atrocious I've noticed it too for
example the Saints were running the ball
more than they were passing they would
run the ball first and second down and
they wouldn't start passing it until
they were down by more than 14 points
the same thing with the Colts they were
just running it non-stop you could
barely get any run game by the CPU
offense even with sliders adjusted so
yeah it's basically broken hopefully
we'll fix with the patch I'll run
through these sliders real slow for you
guys so you guys know that i am using
these updated sliders i have not played
a game yet so I don't know what the
feedback is on these yet let's go
through them real quickly here and you
can pause the screen is beautiful out
how is your gate how's how's your gay
how's your day going guys running
through these real quickly oh I'm going
to start off a new series pretty soon to
that you I think you guys will like and
so here are the sliders and so really
there they are anyway a quick video want
to show you guys the sliders i'm gonna
be using week six and nine and my
connected careers Green Bay Packers
franchise and also let you know that if
you're having issues with the CPU it's
not you it's not me it's EA the sliders
are really messed up and oh one thing at
the change a lot of people still don't
understand
and years passed well at least last year
you had to have your categories you're
like basically their sliders Sutton
categories you had to have them 75 or
below to be an odd Matt and that's not
the case this year guys they've they've
changed the sliders and that might be
part of the reason why they're broken so
basically you go to all madden or all
pro shut up bird these birds are trying
to ruin my commentary basically what you
do now is you you you set the difficulty
level all pro all mad and then you
change the sliders from there so it's
basically the NCAA model so yeah you
don't don't read into that crap they've
changed the sliders and they're broken
hopefully they'll fix them so we'll see
what they do anyway a quick video and I
will talk to you guys later bye